README.md, before:

![Tesseract](http://i.imgur.com/1ga0ATy.jpg)
Tesseract Introduction
-------------
Tesseract is the new advanced server software based on PocketMine-MP!<br>
<br>
## Notice

**Tesseract is supported to Minecraft:PE 1.0 (PE & win10)<br> Report any issues and we will try to fix them for you.**
##Builds

__Travis-CI Build:__<br>
 [![Travis-CI](https://travis-ci.org/TesseractTeam/Tesseract.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/TesseractTeam/Tesseract)<br>
 __Jenkins Build:__<br>
[![Jenkins](https://travis-ci.org/TesseractTeam/Tesseract.svg?branch=master)](http://jenkins.tesseractteam.tk:8080/job/Tesseract)

## Quick Links (Instead of scrolling, click these!)

__[Installation](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/blob/master/README.md#installation)__ <br>
__[Resources](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/blob/master/README.md#resources)__ <br>
__[Acknowledgements](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/blob/master/README.md#acknowledgements)__ <br>
__[License](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/blob/master/README.md#license)__ <br>
__[TODO LIST!](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/projects/1)__ <br>
__[Third Party Libraries and Protocols Used](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/blob/master/README.md#ThirdpartyLibrariesProtocolsUsed)__ <br>

<br>

## Installation

**Self-installation:**<br>
Supported platforms: Linux, Windows, OS X, Raspberry Pi, and ODROID <br>
[Installation](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/wiki/Installation)<br>

__[Back to QuickLinks](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/blob/master/README.md#quick-links-instead-of-scrolling-click-these)__
<br>

## Resources

**External Links**
     Your Tesseract Server needs Visual Studio C++ Redistributable 2015 (If you are on windows).
     Download it 
*__[here](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=48145)__ <br>

__[Back to QuickLinks](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/blob/master/README.md#quick-links-instead-of-scrolling-click-these)__
<br>


## Acknowledgements

- Tesseract is a "spoon" of **[Genisys](https://github.com/iTXTech/Genisys)** 
- Tesseract is also a "spoon" of **[Pocketmine-MP](http://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-MP/)** 
- Most of the original code was written by PocketMine Team and iTX Technologies. <br>

__[Back to QuickLinks](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/blob/master/README.md#quick-links-instead-of-scrolling-click-these)__
<br>

## License
-------------

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
	GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
	along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

## Third-party Libraries/Protocols Used
-------------
* __[PHP Sockets](http://php.net/manual/en/book.sockets.php)__
* __[PHP mbstring](http://php.net/manual/en/book.mbstring.php)__
* __[PHP SQLite3](http://php.net/manual/en/book.sqlite3.php)__
* __[PHP BCMath](http://php.net/manual/en/book.bc.php)__
* __[PHP pthreads](http://pthreads.org/)__ by _[krakjoe](https://github.com/krakjoe)_: Threading for PHP - Share Nothing, Do Everything.
* __[PHP YAML](https://code.google.com/p/php-yaml/)__ by _Bryan Davis_: The Yaml PHP Extension provides a wrapper to the LibYAML library.
* __[LibYAML](http://pyyaml.org/wiki/LibYAML)__ by _Kirill Simonov_: A YAML 1.1 parser and emitter written in C.
* __[cURL](http://curl.haxx.se/)__: cURL is a command line tool for transferring data with URL syntax
* __[Zlib](http://www.zlib.net/)__: A Massively Spiffy Yet Delicately Unobtrusive Compression Library
* __[Source RCON Protocol](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Source_RCON_Protocol)__
* __[UT3 Query Protocol](http://wiki.unrealadmin.org/UT3_query_protocol)__

Commit message:

Add Project List.
Add Project List description.

README.md, after:

![Tesseract](http://i.imgur.com/1ga0ATy.jpg)
Tesseract Introduction
-------------
Tesseract is the new advanced server software based on PocketMine-MP!<br>
<br>
## Notice

**Tesseract is supported to Minecraft:PE 1.0 (PE & win10)<br> Report any issues and we will try to fix them for you.**
##Builds

__Travis-CI Build:__<br>
 [![Travis-CI](https://travis-ci.org/TesseractTeam/Tesseract.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/TesseractTeam/Tesseract)<br>
 __Jenkins Build:__<br>
[![Jenkins](https://travis-ci.org/TesseractTeam/Tesseract.svg?branch=master)](http://jenkins.tesseractteam.tk:8080/job/Tesseract)

## Project List
You can check the progress of the project.
__[Project List!](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/projects/1)__

## Quick Links (Instead of scrolling, click these!)

__[Installation](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/blob/master/README.md#installation)__ <br>
__[Resources](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/blob/master/README.md#resources)__ <br>
__[Acknowledgements](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/blob/master/README.md#acknowledgements)__ <br>
__[License](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/blob/master/README.md#license)__ <br>
__[TODO LIST!](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/projects/1)__ <br>
__[Third Party Libraries and Protocols Used](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/blob/master/README.md#ThirdpartyLibrariesProtocolsUsed)__ <br>

<br>

## Installation

**Self-installation:**<br>
Supported platforms: Linux, Windows, OS X, Raspberry Pi, and ODROID <br>
[Installation](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/wiki/Installation)<br>

__[Back to QuickLinks](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/blob/master/README.md#quick-links-instead-of-scrolling-click-these)__
<br>

## Resources

**External Links**
     Your Tesseract Server needs Visual Studio C++ Redistributable 2015 (If you are on windows).
     Download it 
*__[here](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=48145)__ <br>

__[Back to QuickLinks](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/blob/master/README.md#quick-links-instead-of-scrolling-click-these)__
<br>


## Acknowledgements

- Tesseract is a "spoon" of **[Genisys](https://github.com/iTXTech/Genisys)** 
- Tesseract is also a "spoon" of **[Pocketmine-MP](http://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-MP/)** 
- Most of the original code was written by PocketMine Team and iTX Technologies. <br>

__[Back to QuickLinks](https://github.com/TesseractTeam/Tesseract/blob/master/README.md#quick-links-instead-of-scrolling-click-these)__
<br>

## License
-------------

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
	GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
	along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

## Third-party Libraries/Protocols Used
-------------
* __[PHP Sockets](http://php.net/manual/en/book.sockets.php)__
* __[PHP mbstring](http://php.net/manual/en/book.mbstring.php)__
* __[PHP SQLite3](http://php.net/manual/en/book.sqlite3.php)__
* __[PHP BCMath](http://php.net/manual/en/book.bc.php)__
* __[PHP pthreads](http://pthreads.org/)__ by _[krakjoe](https://github.com/krakjoe)_: Threading for PHP - Share Nothing, Do Everything.
* __[PHP YAML](https://code.google.com/p/php-yaml/)__ by _Bryan Davis_: The Yaml PHP Extension provides a wrapper to the LibYAML library.
* __[LibYAML](http://pyyaml.org/wiki/LibYAML)__ by _Kirill Simonov_: A YAML 1.1 parser and emitter written in C.
* __[cURL](http://curl.haxx.se/)__: cURL is a command line tool for transferring data with URL syntax
* __[Zlib](http://www.zlib.net/)__: A Massively Spiffy Yet Delicately Unobtrusive Compression Library
* __[Source RCON Protocol](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Source_RCON_Protocol)__
* __[UT3 Query Protocol](http://wiki.unrealadmin.org/UT3_query_protocol)__
